+Chromebook and ARM terms (#198)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/platform/linux/installing.md

The packaged version requires a recent 64 bit Intel/AMD Linux with glibc, and common
libraries like libwayland-client and systemd. If you are on a different

> architecture (e.g Arm/Aarch64), or a barebones Linux distro, you will not be able to use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
architecture (e.g ARM/AArch64), or a barebones Linux distro, you will not be able to use the
```

packaged version, but you may be able to use the [Python wheels](https://betas.ankiweb.net/#via-pypipip)
instead.

> Debian and derivatives, Namely Ubuntu and Chromebook, please use the following before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debian and derivatives, such as Ubuntu and Chromebooks with Linux enabled, please use the following before
```

It appears that Linux is not enabled out of the box.

https://support.google.com/chromebook/answer/9145439?hl=en
